After A Long Night of Hookin'...
A famous monologue coined by Season 7 contestant Kennedy Davenport. During the "Death Becomes Her" challenge, Kennedy had created a look that was read by queens and judges alike, compared to "Tony the Tiger on crack", and in an attempt to justify it, came up with an elaborate back story:
"After a long night of hookin', Trade didn't like the session. So he had gutted me and set me on fire, but you know I didn't die. I had crystallized, and now I'm a glamazon bitch ready for the runway."
Anus
the opening at the end of the alimentary canal through which solid waste matter leaves the body.
What Lady Bunny’s personal massager fell out of.
”Well Julie, I just wrote “Anus!” - Alaska as Lady Bunny

Apololie
A fake apology. The word was used by Widow Von'Du after Jackie Cox and Sherry Pie apologized to her after their argument in Untucked
see also: Phi Phi O'Hara‘s apology to Alyssa Edwards in All Stars 2

Ass
n. A donkey.
n. A slang term for a person's posterior.
n. A foolish person.
n. A slang term for a mean or disagreeable person.
See also: Cakes, Cucu
Asshole
n. A vulgar slang term for an anus.
n. A vulgar slang term for a mean, dislikeable, or disagreeable person, usually a man. Also known as a "Dick."
"You're all a bunch of assholes!" —Bianca Del Rio
B

Back Rolls
Tumblr inline mmg4cfQdm71qz4rgp.gif
n. Back fat. Fat on a person's back.
int. To question having back rolls. The term was used about Alyssa Edwards on Season 5 of RuPaul's Drag Race.
Jade Jolie: "Girl, you had rolls all over the place in the back, it was disgusting!"
Alyssa Edwards: "... Back rolls?!"
Bacon
Kelly-mantle.jpg
n. When a drag queen wears flower petals which resemble strips of bacon. The term was coined by Kelly Mantle on Season 6 of RuPaul's Drag Race, when panel judge Michelle Visage accused her of wearing bacon on her dress.
"Don't wear bacon!" —Kelly Mantle
BAM!
int. An interjection or exclamation of excitement. The term was used by Alexis Mateo on Season 3 of RuPaul's Drag Race.
Bar Queen
n. A drag queen who only performs in small bars. Typically used as an insult.
e.g. "Please, I'm not going to be read by some busted ass bar queen."
Beat

Mathu Andersen, beating his face.

(Beating a face) v. To apply the perfect amount of makeup on the face, resulting in a flawless look. The term references the motion of constantly dabbing a makeup sponge or brush against one's face.
i.e. "Her face is beat for the gods."
"Having Mathu Andersen beating your face." —Alaska, in American Apparel Ad Girls
Beard
Hair which grows on a person's face uniformly, around the lips, chin and cheeks, usually on men.
See: Willam Belli
A slang term for a woman who acts as a cover-up, usually knowingly and willingly, for a homosexual man, pretending to be his significant other in order to hide his true sexual orientation.
BGB
int. An acronym for "Bye, girl, bye!"
What a drag queen says when a fellow queen she didn't like gets sent home from RuPaul's Drag Race. It is a play on the salutation coined by contestant Keisha on MTV's bisexual dating series A Shot at Love with Tila Tequila: "Hey girl, hey!"
Big Pink Furry Box
n. A vulgar reference to a woman's vagina, which is known as a "box" in slang terms, the big pink furry box is a prop used during RuPaul's Drag Race Untucked, which holds cards, photos, objects or clues to assist contestants during a party game, or before the playing of a video message.
Box
n. A slag term for a woman's vagina. One of many slang terms for vagina used on the show.
Bitch
n. A female dog.
n. A mean, disagreeable, dis-likeable, critical, or nagging woman. A woman who constantly complains or criticizes.
n. A person of low ranking or status; a person of no authority, who must answer to others. Used as a term of belittlement.
n. A fierce woman. A friend. Used as a term of endearment among drag queens.
v. To complain; used to show disapproval of, to dismiss, or to belittle the complaint, or the person complaining.
.

Bitches
n. Plural form of "Bitch."
n. A slang term meaning "a group of friends."
Byotch, Betch
n. Slang spelling forms of the term "Bitch."
B.I.T.C.H.
An acronym meaning "Being In Total Control of Herself"; early use seen in 1990, on Tairrie B rap "Ruthless Bitch" (from her Comptown album The Power of a Woman, track 11 of 11). The term was used by Latrice Royale on RuPaul's Drag Race Season 4.
Shady Bitch
n. A woman who is critical in a blunt or insulting manner.
See also: Cunt
Body-Ody-Ody
n. A term meaning "body."
i.e. "Look at that body-ody-ody."
Boobie
n. A slang term for a single female breast, which is also the name of a bird. Also known as a "Boob."
Boobies
n. The plural form of "Boobie." Also known as "Boobs."
Boobie Bib

Breastplates for a challenge on Season 4, Episode 6.

n. A false breast plate, usually made out of silicone or rubber, worn by drag queens to give the illusion of real female breasts.
See also: India Ferrah's breast plate
Booger
n. A visually unattractive drag queen. A drag queen who looks "busted" or a "hot mess." The term refers to a queen who cannot properly apply or wear makeup, style their hair, sew properly, or who wears unfashionable or ill-fitting clothing. The opposite of a "Heather."
See also: Heather, Busted
Boots
int. modifier. A verbal exclamation point.
e.g. "Ha mug was beat the house down, boots."
Bottom
Tumblr mhkz3tLV9M1rdutw3o1 500.gif
n. A term referring to a male who prefers to be on the receiving end of gay anal sex. The opposite of a "Top."
"This boy is a bottom!" —DWV
n. A placing or ranking during the shows competition for contestants who have done the worst or placed the lowest during the Main Challenge.
i.e. "Bottom 2"
Boy Name
n. A drag queen's given name as opposed to her stage name (drag name).
Breeder
n. A heterosexual person, usually a term of disparagement. The term references having sex for procreation, as opposed to homosexual sex.
Busted
adj. Appearing to be unkempt, messy, unrefined, unpolished, or poorly presented. The opposite of "dusted".
See also: Horchata Montrese
Butch Queen
n. A masculine-looking drag queen.
Bye Felicia!
int. A phrase used to stop someone from speaking. The term is a reference to the film "Friday."
C

Caftan
n. A long robe or tunic, usually worn as a dress and with a belt. A popular fashion choice of Season 5 contestant Honey Mahogany. Also spelled "Kaftan"
See also: Honey Mahogany Dress

Cakes
n. A slang term used to describe butt cheeks.
Serving Cake
n. The act of showing off or featuring your ass.
See also: Ass
Cameroon
n. A country in Africa.
n. The homeland of Season 1 winner Bebe Zahara Benet. Whenever she takes the stage, RuPaul screams, "Cameroooooon!"
Campy
A type of traditional, over-the-top drag. Campy queens usually don't intend to be a female impersonator, they're traditional, original, & over-the-top.
Charisma, Uniqueness, Nerve & Talent
The four qualities RuPaul looks for in a drag queen, contestants must uphold C.U.N.T in order to win both mini, and main challenges. The queen with the most C.U.N.T snatches the show.
see: Cunt
Cheesecake
n. A reference from a quote from the documentary Paris is Burning:
"People have asked me what I mean by Ms. Cheesecake. That means that you must not only have a body, but you must also be sexy." —Paris is Burning
A term used to describe someone with "body" who is also "sexy." Body meaning possessing a substantial size or physicality. i.e. Latrice Royale, Roxxxy Andrews.
To wear revealing clothing while posing in a glamorous manner. i.e. "Showing some skin and posing with glamour."
A term used to describe vintage "pin-up" photographs or artistic depictions of women from the mid 20th century, which are considered to be "cute", "campy" or "sexy." i.e. Betty Page, Marilyn Monroe.
A reference to the television sitcom "Golden Girls", where the four main characters would often be seen talking over situations and problems while enjoying slices of cheesecake.

Chicago
n. the place from which people who will metaphorically "whoop your fucking ass" originate

Cherry
n. The interior of a vagina which has not been sexually penetrated (A virgin)
Cherry Pie
n. A slang term for a woman's vagina
Pop Your Cherry
v. The act of losing one's virginity

Chicken Cutlets

Breast-enhancing falsies, which resemble "chicken cutlets."

n. A slang term used to describe padding worn by Drag queens to give the illusion of having female hips and thighs.

Chillona
n. A term meaning "Crybaby", or one who cries a lot. The term was used often by Season 6 Contestant Adore Delano.
See also: Adore Delano
Clock
v. To spot what someone is trying to hide.
v. To point out a person's flaws
v. To uncover or reveal the truth in a situation or one's true gender.
i.e. "You can't clock a lace-front wig!"
"Phi Phi clocked Willam for his 5 o'clock shadow."
Corset
n. An undergarment worn, that tightly fits around the abdomen of the queens to help create a proportioned, hour-glass figure.
Come Through!
int. A phrase made famous by Season 7 winner Violet Chachki, first used after the a lip sync battle between Kennedy Davenport and Katya—used as an appraisal, a show of pride, a congratulations, etc.
After being crowned, Violet Chachki immediately screamed "COME THROUGH!"
Condragulations
n. A compliment directed towards a queen, usually used by RuPaul when a queen wins a challenge. A bastardization of 'congratulations.'
Cross-Dresser
n. When a man dresses in a wig and woman's clothing, usually with little or no makeup.
Crusty
adj. Extremely shady.
adj. Of poor quality, not presentable.
"Look at that crusty mug."
See also: Shade
Cucu
n. A term used by Cynthia Lee Fontaine on Season 8 meaning her butt, originating from the Spanish word culo.[1]
"How you doin' mis amores? Do you want to see my cucu?" —Cynthia Lee Fontaine
See also: ass
Cunt
n. Vulgar slang for a woman's vagina. Considered to be obscene and offensive.
n. A mean, disagreeable, or difficult woman.
n. A term used to describe someone who is fierce or someone very fishy or beautiful.
Cunty
adj. A woman who exhibits the qualities of being a "cunt."
i.e. "Feelin' like pussy, feelin' like cunt" —Gia Gunn
C.U.N.T
An infamous acronym for RuPaul's saying "Charisma, Uniqueness, Nerve, and Talent"
See also: Bitch
D

Dick
n. A vulgar slang term for a man's penis.
n. A slang term for a mean, disagreeable, dislikeable, or difficult man.
See also: Asshole
Diva
n. A famous female singer, either in popular music or Opera.
n. A slang term or a self-important, demanding, temperamental, or difficult to please woman.
Diva Awards
n. A fictional awards show featured as a challenge during Season 2 in the episode "Diva Awards."
Drag Queen
n.Someone who dresses as or impersonates a woman for entertainment and show purposes.
D.R.A.G.
An acronym for "Dressed Resembling A Girl", from which the term "Drag" is said to ostensibly originate. The term is said to date back to Shakespearean times when male theatrical actors would play female roles.
Drag King
n. Someone who dresses as or impersonates a man for entertainment and show purposes.
Boy Drag
A form of Drag where one is dressed up to represent or impersonate a male instead of a female.
Drag Mother
n. An experienced drag queen who acts as a mentor and guide to a younger, up and coming, less experienced, or apprentice drag queen.
Dragulator
n. A fictional computer which would produce drag makeovers, featured on the show "RuPaul's Drag U."
Dragulation
v. The process of being given a drag makeover by the "Dragulator" computer.
Dust (Dusted)
v. To destroy the competition, look or a challenge. "Girl you dusted the runway"
Dusty
adj. Unkempt or unclean. Typically characterized by wrinkled clothing, five-o-clock shadows and a shake-and-go wig.
Dumbass

n. A stupid person. also known as a "Stupid Ass"
E

Echa Pa' Lante!
A Spanish term for "moving forward." This is a famous quote from Yara Sofía of Season 3.
Eleganza Extravaganza
Having high amounts of elegance.
F

Faggot (Fagot)
n. A bundle of twigs or sticks.
n. A discarded cigarette end (a cigarette butt).
n. A derogatory slang term for a homosexual male. Considered to be offensive.
n. A British dish consisting of minced pork offcuts.
Fag
n. The short form of "Fagot" or "Faggot."
n. A British & Australian term for a cigarette.

Fatass
n. A large, obese or overweight person.
"One small corset plus another small corset equals one fatass corset!" —Jiggly Caliente

Faux Queen
n. A Drag Queen who was born as a biological female.
Feeling My Oats
To "feel" one's self or to savor, relish, or enjoy the act or experience of looking "fishy." The term was first used during Season 6 by contestant Gia Gunn, followed by Scarlet Envy of Season 11.
"I'm feeling my Oats, let me feel my Oats" - Gia Gunn
See also: Fishy
Fierce!
adj. A term used by drag queens meaning to possess a good, intense, satisfying, powerful, or beautiful quality.
adj. To have looks that could "kill", similar to a wild animal.
Filler
A term used to describe a person who is unnecessary and was only casted so that's there's enough contestants on the show.
"Filler queen." - Joey Jay
Fire Crotch
n. The crotch of a Woman with red colored pubic hair, also known as a "Ginger Minj."
n. A fictional comic book character and superhero created by Chad Michaels during RuPaul's All Stars Drag Race who is the nemesis of the evil villain Lactasia.
Fishy
adj. A term used to describe a drag queen who looks extremely feminine, or one who convincingly resembles a cis woman. The term is a reference to the scent of a vagina, which is colloquially likened to the smell of fish. Although the term is considered to be a compliment among Drag Queens, it is often considered to be an insult among women; drag and non-drag alike.
see: Jade, Bebe Zahara Benet, Jujubee, Tyra Sanchez, Stacy Layne Matthews, Mariah Balenciaga, Carmen Carrera, Kenya Michaels, Jiggly Caliente, Monica Beverly Hillz, Courtney Act, Gia Gunn, April Carrión, Naomi Smalls, Farrah Moan, Kimora Blac, Aquaria, Blair St. Clair, Plastique Tiara

The Five G's
An Acronym meaning "Good God, get a grip girl!." The term was originally coined on the show by Season 4 contestant Latrice Royale.
Five O'Clock Shadow
File:Willam.png
Willam learned to color-correct that five o'clock shadow. ...eventually.

n. The beginnings of a returning beard on an until recently freshly shaven drag queen's face. Gives a grey coloring that can be seen through foundation.
see: Shangela Laquifa Wadley, Willam Belli, Jackie Cox
Flazéda
adj. Feeling fierce or otherwise (the word is used differently by almost everyone). The term was coined by Pearl on Season 7 of RuPaul's Drag Race. It's a hashtag and it's spreading like wildfire. Pearl may have been trying to say "laissez faire" but invented a new word instead.
see: #flasaydah

Flipper
n. Cosmetic removable false teeth, used to hide one's real teeth and create the appearance of perfect teeth.
see: Trinity K. Bonet
Flooded My Basement
Coined by Ginger Minj, reference to when something is so amazing you "flood your basement"—a reference to when a woman is aroused and becomes "wet" with self-lubrication in her vagina.
(On choreographer Jamal Sims) "I about flooded my basement! Cuz is one good-looking man!" —Ginger Minj
For The Gods
adv. Abbreviated use of the phrase "fit for the gods" used to qualify an act done perfectly or flawlessly.
i.e. :# "Her face is painted for the gods"
"That dress is clinging to her like a second skin because it is tailored for the gods."
Frock
n. A woman's dress.
G

Gag
Gag - v. To react intensely, usually as a result of shock; also may be used as an exclamation.
i.e. "I was gagging on all the eleganza."
Gagarini
n. When something is beyond the gag.
adj. To describe someone or something that is beyond the gag.
See: Gag

Garage Doors
n. Eyelids
n. When a queen paints only one color of eyeshadow on her eyes.
Gay
adj. Male homosexuality.
adj. To be happy, joyous, carefree, flamboyant, or bright & showy.
Gay For Pay
adj. The act of a Heterosexual man playing or acting as a Homosexual man or doing homosexual acts in return for payment.
Gig
n. An event in which someone has been propositioned or hired to appear or work at.
n. A situtation during the time a drag queen is in drag.
n. An Alyssa-ism used to describe both a good or bad situation when you are in drag.
"He had asked me to get out of the car, and I think one of them, on the sly, was tryna get up in the gig! He was checkin' me out and he couldn't clock it, bitch! "
"This joker thought I was gonna lay up in my bed, my Egyptian cotton sheets, all this makeup, this nice fancy hairs, and I remind him how much time it took me to get up in this gig!"
Ghetto
n. An area of a city occupied majorly by a specific minority or ethnic group.
adj. A person or thing which comes from, originates from, or is associated with or being from a ghetto.
adj. A slang term used to describe something or someone that is considered to be of low class, quality, taste, or is downscale, shabby, or poor. The term is considered to be offensive among African-Americans.
Serena ChaCha: "...You guys are all ghetto"
Monica Beverly Hillz: "Who you callin' ghetto?"
Glamazon
n. A slang term for a tall, glamorous and assertively self-confident woman.
n. A portmanteau of the terms "Glamorous" and "Amazon"
n. The name of a RuPaul Album and song.
Amazon
n. A member of a mythical tribe of all very tall women, known as the "Amazons"
n. The name of the world's largest rainforest located in South America.
n. The name of a website which sells goods.
Girl (Gurl)
n. term of endearment; often used as an exclamatory remark.
“Oh, gurl, you've got SHEmail!" —RuPaul
H

Halleloo
int. An interjection used to express praise or joy. The term was first used extensively by Shangela Laquifa Wadley on Seasons 2 & 3.
See also: Bam, Echa Pa' Lante!
Heathers
An alliance formed by Carmen Carrera, Delta Work, Manila Luzon, and Raja during Season 3 of the show. The term is a reference to the 1980's film "Heathers", staring Winona Ryder.
Heather
n. A member of the "Heathers" alliance.
n. A woman or drag queen who is "fierce" and perfected. The opposite of a "Booger."
See also: Fierce, Booger
Herstory
n. A spin on the word "History", playfully replacing the "his" with "hers" to imply a feminine reclamation of the word.
The history of the television show "RuPaul's Drag Race".
Highlighter
n. A type of makeup usually used on cheeks or on the face. Makes the person poppin and glow.
You wore so much highligter on your face

See Also: Farrah Moan
Hieeee
n. A greeting, characterised by a distinctive prolonged "e" sound
Hieeee, how is everyone?

See Also: Alaska, Ongina

Ho
n. A prostitute. More specifically, a street prostitute. A person who solicits sex on the street. Short for the word "Hooker." Among drag queens, this term is used both as a term of endearment, and as well as an insult.
v. The act of soliciting sex on the street (To ho).
n. A Prostitute who is employed under the guidance, supervision or jurisdiction of a Pimp or John.
i.e. "You can't keep a good ho down" - RuPaul
C3P-Ho
n. A scantily clad woman wearing very shiny or metallic clothing. The phrase is a pun off the character C-3PO from the Star Wars franchise as well as the word "ho." RuPaul used this term to describe Raja's Sci-Fi look during the season 3 episode "Queens In Space."
Hoe
n. A gardening tool. Not to be confused with the term "Ho."
Hooker
n. A prostitute who solicits sex or sexual favors on the street in exchange for money.
Judy Jetson Hooker
n. A futuristic / science fiction prostitute
n. A term used by Mimi Imfurst during Season 3 to describe / insult the look of fellow contestant Shangela.
Hog Body
n. The waist of a queen which is not cinched and has no curvaceousness or defining shape. Similar to the body of a hog.
See: Adore Delano
Hoochie Mama
n. A woman who typically dresses in a provocative, revealing, or scantily clad manner.
Hoochie
adj. A manner of dressing in a provocative, revealing, or scantily clad way. Also known as dressing "Slutty" or "Skanky."
See: Carmen Carrera, Alisa Summers
Honey Mahogany Dress

#HoneyBedsheetLook

n. A "dress" which resembles a sheet of fabric which has simply been wrapped or draped about the body instead of being a proper dress. The term was used by during Season 6 in reference to Season 5 contestant Honey Mahogany who often wore Caftan dresses on the runway.
n. The act of wrapping or draping fabric about one's body to create an outfit instead of putting effort to create or wear a proper outfit.
See also: Alexis Mateo, Pearl, Caftan
House Down
A great deal; a lot. Often used to punctuate the end of a phrase for emphasis.
e.g. "Bitch painted the house down."
How's Your Head?
A term taken from the film "Elvira: Mistress of the Dark" starring Cassandra Peterson as Elvira. When a letter from a marquee sign falls on her head, she is asked by the local bumpkin, "...how's your head" to which she replies, "I haven't had any complaints."
A joking reference to fellatio, asked by RuPaul to contestants or judges who appear to have injured their head, in which the expected response is "I haven't received any complaints". RuPaul asked this question to Season 4 guest judge Pamela Anderson, and then to Season 7 contestant Miss Fame who initially did not understand the joke (later, she understood and replied "I've never had any complaints").
During the critique of Vivacious during the "Scream Queens" episode, RuPaul said "Concerning your head, I'm afraid there have been some complaints."
"You Give Good Head"
A joking reference to fellatio, given by RuPaul to Season 6 contestant Darienne Lake on the episode "Scream Queens" in which Lake played the part of a talking head inside a box.
Hn. A portmanteau of the terms "Honey" and "Cunt", used as a term of endearmentn who "hustles."
Hustled
v. To solicit Sex for money. To be a prostitute.
To act or move quickly.
To negotiate.
Hustling
n. The act of prostitution.
The act of moving or acting quickly,
The act of negotiating.

I

Interior Illusions Lounge
n. A set of rooms formerly on RuPaul's Drag Race where contestants would wait while the panel judges were deliberating. The rooms were mainly shown on RuPaul's Drag Race Untucked, and was where contestants would play party games, drink cocktails, view video messages, and gossip while deliberations commenced. The "lounge" consisted of two rooms: The "Silver Lounge" and the "Gold Bar." The rooms were named after a sponsorship with "Interior Illusions", a chain of three modern furniture stores found in the Los Angeles area. In Season 6, after the sponsorship had ended, the rooms were renamed the Form Decor Lounge, and in Season 7, the rooms were completely eliminated following a sponsorship deal with Square Space and a new "Untucked" format which features the contestants sitting "backstage" instead.
Immunity
n. A competitive advantage awarded to contestants on RuPaul's Drag Race who have won the Episode's Maxi Challenge in which they would be "immune" from elimination the following week.
Immunity was awarded to contestants during Season 1 up until Season 5 where it was later discontinued after Alyssa Edwards' poor performance impersonating Katy Perry during the Snatch Game where she could not be up for elimination despite being the worst due to possessing Immunity from winning the Maxi Challenge the week beforehand.

J

Jackass
n. A male donkey.
n. A foolish person.
Judy
A good friend.

"You might call up your Judy on the phone and be like 'whats the T girl?'" - Detox in a Vanity Fair interview
Jush
Can be used as a noun, verb, or adjective based on the occasion

Eg. "I'm getting my jush right now.

Eg. "I wanna jush with somebody."

Eg. "Hey gurl, you look jush."

"See also Jasmine Masters
K

Kai-Kai
Not to be confused with Ki Ki
v. The act of drag queens having sex with each other.
n. Sex between drag queens.
n. Specifically when two drag queens have sex in drag/without removing their drag.
See also: Manila Luzon & Sahara Davenport, Sharon Needles & Alaska, Bob The Drag Queen and Alexis Michelle, Sasha Velour & Shea Couleé, Brooke Lynn Hytes & Vanessa Vanjie Mateo, Ariel Versace and Chasity St. Cartier

Ki Ki
Not to be confused with Kai-Kai
n. A term used for gossip, small talk, chatting, or a heart to heart.
See also: "T"
L

Lake Titicaca
n. A lake located in South America. The Lake Titicaca Valley is the supposed location of RuPaul's Drag U. Intended as a pun on titties (breasts) and caca, a slang term for feces.
Ladyboy
n. A person who was born male but presents very femme.
adj. When a male acts in a girly or feminine manner.
n. The name of a RuPaul song.
Lesbian Drag Queens
n. Two drag queens who are dating / Two drag queens who are Kai-Kai-ing.
See also: Kai-Kai
Lil' Pound Cake
n. A fictional character and alter ego of Alaska who is the drag daughter of Alaska and Lineysha Sparx.
Lip-Sync For Your Life
v. A battle between two contestants on RuPaul's Drag Race who have placed in the Bottom 2 and are up for elimination where they must lip-sync to a song in order to impress RuPaul and stay in the competition.
Library
An activity in which drag queens are invited to read other queens, referring to the fact that you "read" in a "library"
"The library is open!"
"Because reading is what? FUNDAMENTAL"
"The library is officially CLOSED!"
See also: Read
Loca!
A Spanish term for "crazy girl" (Quoted from Nina Flowers)
M

Mama (Mamma / Momma / Mawma)
n. A term of endearment and respect among drag queens, usually (though not always) to an older or more experienced queen.
e.g. "Yaaaass mawma!" —Laganja Estranja
Manilaed
n. A term to describe an all-star queen with a good track record to be eliminated.
Maxi Challenge
n. A term referring to the main challenge of the episode on RuPaul's Drag Race.
Minge
n. A British slang term for a woman's vagina. One of many slang terms for vagina used on the show.
Ginger Minj
n. A play on "ginger minge", a British slang term referring to the crotch of a woman with red pubic hairs.
n. The name of a contestant on Season 7 of RuPaul's Drag Race, and Seasons 2 and 6 of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars.
See also: Ginger Minj (Queen)
Miss Vanjie... Miss Vanjie... Miss Vanjieee
closing quote by Vanessa Vanjie Mateo on Season 10
which Ru and Michelle were laughing about
quickly became a meme
Gay Aloha (Hello Goodbye)
Mug
A person's face.
Mop
To steal
Much Betta!
A catchphrase used by Baga Chipz in Rupaul's Drag Race UK Season 1.

N

Not Today Satan, Not Today
Means you won't let anyone, not even "Satan" stand in your way. Coined by Bianca Del Rio in reference to Courtney Act asking her if she was going to wear a similar dress on the runway like she had been doing all season.
Courtney Act: "I was wondering if you were going to turn out a look that we haven't already seen before?"
Bianca Del Rio: "Not today Satan, not today."
Nurse!
Shouted when a queen needs help. (Quoted by Willam of Season 4)
Nyasss!
Is Ariel Versace's catchphrase from Season 11.
O
Opulence
n. having more resources than needed to live in complete luxury
See also: Mercedes Iman Diamond

OPULENCEGIF.gif
Ornacia
Bgq0GhSCEAAZBlC.png
A foam mannequin head who is also the best friend of Season 6 contestant Vivacious.
Out of the Bag
n. A term used to describe a wig that looks like it has been bought from a costume store, which is typically cheap and simply pulled out of the bag it came in and taken into use without any styling done to it.

P

Padding

Drag queen hips and butt padding.

Cushions (made of foam or sponge) placed on the hips, legs and even the breasts to create the illusion of a woman's figure.
Party City
n. A chain of discount party supply stores located across the United States, which specializes in Halloween costumes.
adj. A term used to describe a drag queen's fashion which is considered to appear as if it were meant to be worn as a Halloween costume, or was purchased at a Halloween costume shop. The term was used by Phi Phi O'Hara as an insult to fellow contestant Sharon Needles on RuPaul's Drag Race Season 4.
i.e. "Go back to Party City where you belong!" —Phi Phi O'Hara
Peanut Butter
adj. To be spreadable.
n. Something which is spreadable (i.e. Buttcheeks, legs)
v. To spread your legs, like a slut or a prostitute.
The name of a RuPaul song.
Pimp
n. A person who controls and owns prostitutes or runs a prostitution ring or business, taking part in earnings in return.
n. A person who is in charge or is of high stature or authority (A boss).
PMP
n. An acronym meaning "Post Modern Pimp-Ho"
v. To dress like a pimp while still being a "ho." (Quoted by Shangela)
See also: "#Ho"
Pit Crew

Drag Race Pit Crew

A group of scantily-clad, studly men chosen to assist RuPaul or contestants, mainly in mini-challenges or main challenges.
Polished
adj. A term used to refer to a drag queen whose look is considered to be flawless, well executed, seasoned, and perfected.
See also: "Dusted"
Proportionizing
v. The action of building a silhouette best suited to a persons' body shape. Coined by Eureka O'Hara for the Drag-Con Panel Challenge in Season 10.
Prostitute
n. A person who engages in sexual activities in exchange for payment.
Other terms for "Prostitute":
Escort - A prostitute who does not display their profession to the general public.
Call Girl - A female escort.
Gigolo - A male escort.
Hooker - A prostitute who works on the street. One who goes "Hooking".
Ho - A short form of "Hooker." A prostitute who works under the supervision of a Pimp or John.
Hussy - Another term for a "Prostitute." A prostitute who "Hustles."
Ladies of the Night - Female Prostitutes who work at night.
Puta - The Spanish word for "Prostitute".
Rent Boy - A young male escort.
Trick - A Prostitute's client.
Whore - A Prostitute who works at an establishment such as a brothel or bordello.
Working Girl - A female street prostitute. Another term for a "Hooker."

Purse First
To walk into a room with one's purse entering first.
A quote from season 8 winner Bob the Drag Queen.

Pussy
n. A cat.
n. A vulgar slang term for a woman's vagina.
n. A person who is a coward or whimp. Also known as a "Scaredy Cat"
Pussy On Fire
An expression meaning to work hard and excel. To be awesome or outstanding. To work so hard that your vagina catches on fire.
Pussy Party
n. A party full of females / women
Q

Queens
n. People who dress up in clothes of the opposite gender usually. Slang term used for transvestites.
R

Read
v. To wittily and incisively expose a person's flaws (i.e. "reading them like a book"), often exaggerating or elaborating on them; an advanced format of the insult. The term is a reference to the film Paris is Burning.
n. Criticism made to a drag queen.
Read for filth
v. The act of criticizing, or being criticized to the fullest extent. i.e. "The judges were reading her for filth on the runway."
n. The name of a fictional perfume brand created by Alaska on Season 5 of RuPaul's Drag Race during the episode, "Scent of a Drag Queen." The name is a pun off the term "Read for Filth."
Read The House Down
v. Another term meaning to criticize or be criticized to the fullest extent. Similar to the term "Read For Filth."
Realness
n. The act of appearing to be convincing realistic, authentic, or accurate.
n. The act of being extremely blunt frank, or honest.
Relying on Body
Relying on Body - v. The act of a drag queen relying on her convincingly feminine and physically fit physique to get through the competition instead of her talents.
i.e. Stop relying on that body!" —Michelle Visage
See: Carmen Carrera, Courtney Act, Roxxxy Andrews, Naomi Smalls
Resting on Pretty
v. The act of a drag queen relying on her beauty to get through the competition, rather than focusing on her own talent; borrowed from the judging panel, and Tyra Banks in particular, of America's Next Top Model, referring to contestants who seem unwilling to exert any effort towards professional growth.
See: Mariah, Vivienne Pinay, Courtney Act
Resting on Ugly
v. The act of a drag queen relying on gimmicks and shock value in order to compensate for her lack of beauty or make-up skills to get through the competition, rather than focusing on her own talent. This term was first used by Courtney Act on Season 6 of RuPaul's Drag Race as a reference and a read on fellow contestant Milk.
Ro-Laska-Tox
n. A portmanteau representing the alliance formed by contestants Roxxxy Andrews, Alaska, and Detox during Season 5 of RuPaul's Drag Race.
n. A prescription drug for people who are gagging.

Rolodex Of Hate
Bianca Del Rio's imaginary rolodex in her head, it "spins" whenever someone speaks and whatever it lands on, Bianca says out loud - a reference to her quick wit and shady comments.
"I call it my Rolodex of hate!"
RuPaul's Best Friend Race
int. A phrase meaning "I am not here to make friends." The term was first used by Season 4 contestant Lashauwn Beyond on an episode of "Untucked" during an argument with Jiggly Caliente, and is known to be her most famous phrase among fans of the show. Likely a reference to America's Next Top Model Cycle 6 contestant Jade who coined the phrase "America's Next Top Best Friend," though the sentiment has been something of a meme among competitive reality shows in general.
RuPaul's Drag U
A cancelled TV Series which featured former RuPaul's Drag Race contestants mentoring and giving women Drag Makeovers. The show lasted 3 seasons.
RuPaulogize
v. To apologize. The term was coined by Willam Belli during the reunion episode of RuPaul's Drag Race Season 4.
RuPaulogy
n. An apology. The term was used on Season 5 of RuPaul's Drag Race, when RuPaul asked Alyssa Edwards to make a "RuPaulogy" to Katy Perry's fans, after he did a poor impersonation of her during the "Snatch Game."
RuVC
n. A fictional shopping network. A parody and pun of "QVC."
S

Sashay Away.gif
Sashay Away
v. A quote used by RuPaul to eliminate a contestant after losing in a "lip-sync for your life" battle.
v. To leave the competition.
v. To be eliminated from the competition.
A derivative of the ballet term chassé, as performed by Laganja Estranja
See Also: Trixie Mattel
Seafood Platter
n. One of many slang terms for vagina used on the show.
i.e. (To Serena ChaCha): "I can see your seafood platter" —RuPaul
Season 1 Filter
n. An often mocked blur filter used in Season 1 in which it appeared the show was hosted by a vaguely RuPaul-shaped glowing blob.
Sequins
n. Plural of the word "sequin" erroneously used by Roxxxy Andrews during the main challenge in Episode 6 of Season 5.
i.e. “Sequin? A sequin is one, sequins is plural?"

Serve
v. to present oneself in a certain way.
i.e. “Jade was serving Helen Keller Drowning Realness during the Water Tank Challenge.”
Serving Fish
v. The act of looking "fishy."
v. To convincingly appear to be a biological female.
A girl group formed on Season 1 of RuPaul's Drag Race, in Episode 2, "Girl Groups" including members Ongina, Shannel, Nina Flowers, and Rebecca Glasscock.
See also: "Fishy", Kenya Michaels, Courtney Act, Carmen Carrera, Miss Fame, Plastique Tiara.
Shade
n. The casting of aspersions. A form of insult. Bluntly pointing out a person's flaws or faults. Derived from the term "Reading"
i.e. "I don't tell you you're ugly, but I don't have to tell you because you know you're ugly." - Dorian Corey, Paris is Burning
Shady
adj. Possessing a blunt and insulting manner. (Being Shady)
Shady Bitch
n. A woman who is critical in a blunt or insulting manner.
Throwing Shade
v. The act of criticism in a blunt and insulting manner.
i.e. "That bitch Michelle Visage was throwing shade on the runway"
Showboat
v. The act of showing off (To Showboat / Showboating).
n. A river steamboat where theatrical performances are given.
"There's a difference in being talented and being a showboat."- Shangela, referring to Mimi Imfurst's Queens in Space character

See also: Bob the Drag Queen
Shantay, You Stay.
A phrase used by RuPaul on RuPaul's Drag Race, when RuPaul has chosen a contestant to stay in the competition after "lip-syncing for her life" in the bottom two. The phrase refers to the RuPaul's song, "Supermodel" which pays homage to the film Paris is Burning.
She done already done had herses
A phrase RuPaul picked up from a worker at a Krystal Burger who saw someone try to pick up a paper bag that didn't belong to them, so the girl behind the counter said "uh-uh na-na-na-nah, she done already done had herses." [2] RuPaul also says "You country breakfast is ready," inspired by this same girl.
Shemale
n. A controversial slang term used to describe a transgender woman. Considered by some to be offensive. In the context of "RuPaul's Drag Race" the term was used in a tongue-in-cheek manner to describe a Drag Queen.
n. A slang term used to describe a transgender woman who has male genitalia. The term is mainly used among the pornography industry.
She-Mail
n. A video clue on RuPaul's Drag Race featuring RuPaul hinting to the main challenge of the day, shown before the mini-challenge. The name is a pun off the word "e-mail" and the term "She Male." i.e. "Ooh girl, you've got She-Mail."
After Season 6, the term "She-Mail" was discontinued on the show in response to controversy from the trans women community.
Sick'ning
adj. To be beyond awesome, incredibly amazing, or excessively hot
i.e. "Season 4 is going to be sick'ning." —Chad Michaels
"Come on Season 6, let's get sick'ning." —Laganja Estranja
Sissy That Walk
v. To walking with sass. Usually a way of serving up fish. often told to do by RuPaul.
A RuPaul song off her album "Born Naked", which was first featured on Season 6 and in later seasons as the main stage runway presentation theme song.
Slay
n. To be on point, to win, to be outstanding, or to be the best.
i.e. Slay the runway.
Slut
A promiscuous woman. Also known as a "Skank" or "Floozy."
A person with many sexual partners.
A person who voluntarily performs sexual acts or favors without expecting payment in return. The opposite of a prostitute or whore.
i.e. "I'm not a slut, I'm a whore. Whores get paid" —Willam Belli
Snatch Game

Snatch Game, Season 7

n. A main challenge featured on most seasons of RuPaul's Drag Race, where contestants are challenged to present their best and funniest celebrity impersonations. The name and format of the challenge are a parody of the popular 1960s-1970s celebrity panel game show "The Match Game"; the term "Snatch" is a vulgar reference to a woman's vagina.
Sprepper
adj. Bad quality, or what the "Heathers" refered to as a "booger" quality. A mix between Sprite and Dr. Pepper, "Sweet but not delicious." (Quoted from Season 3 by Carmen Carrera and Raja)
Squirrel Friends
n. a girlfriend who hides her nuts.
i.e. "Just between us squirrel friends..." —RuPaul
T

T (Tee / Tea)
n. A back-formation from the letter T for "truth"; refers to gossip, news, information or true facts.
i.e. "What's the tea?"
All Tea, All Shade
A phrase basically referring to the fact that you do not care if the statement is offensive or not. (coined by Coco Montrese, Season 5).
No Tea, No Shade
A phrase meaning "No disrespect."
What's the Tee? RuPaul and Michelle Visage's weekly podcast
Tasha Salad
A fictional character and alter ego created by Roxxxy Andrews who wears green and speaks with a lisp. "Tasha Salad" is a pun off the phrase "Toss Your Salad", a slang term for analingus.
Tilapia
A type of fish, something which Gia Gunn is serving fresh.
See also: Fish, Fishy, Serve
Tit
n. A slang term for breasts
Top
n. A term referring to a male who prefers to be on the giving end of gay anal sex. The opposite of a "Bottom."
n. A placing or ranking during the show's competition for contestants who have done the best or placed the highest during the Main Challenge.
i.e. "Top 3"
TP
An acronym for "Total Package."
Trade
n. A self-identified heterosexual, str8, straight-acting/masculine (but still potentially closeted), and/or occasionally bisexual man who will engage in intercourse or some other act of intimacy, or be in company with an out or flamboyant individual in exchange for money or other perks. Generally, he is assumed to be of a less well off socioeconomic status than the flamboyant person with whom he is involved. Well off queens/ out folks may use 'trade' as a back-handed compliment to an attractive man who has no long-term potential because he probably doesn't have enough money; so all he's effectively good for is a one-night stand. (See: Willam Belli- Prostitutional Princess, , Alyssa's Secret - Alyssa-isms Pt .3)
n. A term used to refer to drag queens who are considered to be attractive men out of drag (See: Alyssa's Secret: Season 6 Meet the Queens).
see: Raven, Morgan McMichaels, India Ferrah, Raja, Alisa Summers, Willam, Milk, Courtney Act, Max, Pearl, Miss Fame, Sharon Needles, Adore Delano, Kameron Michaels, Kahanna Montrese, Dahlia Sin, Jackie Cox, Jaida Essence Hall, Denali, Joey Jay, Kahmora Hall, Olivia Lux, Rosé
Tranny Chaser
n. A person who is intimately and / or sexually attracted to drag queens or transsexual people.
The name of a RuPaul song.
Transvestite
Transvestite - n. A man who dresses up as a woman or presents as a woman for sexual pleasure.
Tranny
Slang term for Transvestite, Transsexual, Cross-Dresser or Drag Queen. Often considered very offensive, but sometimes a term of endearment. It should generally be avoided in casual speech, especially by persons not a member of the group.
Transsexual
n. A term for a transgender person.
See also: Tranny
Tuck
v. n. The act of a drag queen pulling back his genitals to create the illusion of having a woman's vulva. A "tuck" is often held by panty hose, duct tape or tight underwear
See:

Meaty Tuck
n. A poorly executed "tuck" which is bulgy or lumpy, instead of smooth and flat similar to a typical woman's vulva.
See: Jade, Joslyn Fox, Katya
Tuckahoe
A fictional town populated by drag queens. The location of Tuckahoe State Prison. The name is a play on words involving tuck & ho.
Two Piece and a Biscuit
n. The secret to success for Season 2 contestant Mystique Summers Madison
A meal combination offered at many KFC fast food chain restaurants.
U

Untuck
v. The act of undoing a "tuck"
The act of relaxing or waiting. i. e. "Untuck in the Interior Illusions Lounge while the judges and I deliberate." —RuPaul
Untucked
n. A companion series to RuPaul's Drag Race which fellows each episode. The name is a pun off the term "Untuck" which means to undo the "tucking" of a drag queens genitalia, which was done to create the illusion of a having a woman's vagina.
V

Vagina
Vagina - n. The female genitalia. Something which is often referenced on the show in slang terms.
"Vagina" slang terms which have been used on the show:
Box / Big Pink Furry Box
Cherry Pie
Cunt
Hooha / Hoo-hoo
Kitty
Minj
Pussy
Seafood Platter
Snatch
Tuppence
Punany / Puny
W

Water Off A Duck's Back
An idiom used to describe criticisms which have no effect on the person being criticized, comparing the criticism to "water off a duck's back" meaning they are not affected by it in the slightest.
The phrase was used as a positive affirmation by Season 5 Contestant Jinkx Monsoon during judgings and critiques.
Werk
v. A term meaning to "work your body."
v. To strut, especially on a runway.
v. To give an outstanding presentation.
i.e. "You betta werk bitch!" - RuPaul
Werk Room

The Werk Room

n. A room on RuPaul's Drag Race where contestants perform mini-challenges, and prepare for or work on main challenges and runway presentations. The Werk Room is where contestants put together and create costumes, apply wigs and make-up, and prepare for the day's main challenges and elimination ceremonies.
Whore
A prostitute. Specifically, a prostitute who works in an establishment such as a brothel or bordello.
A slang term for a promiscuous person.
i.e. "Whores get paid, I was a slut." —Willam Belli
Label Whore
A person with a fetish or taste for expensive designer fashions and clothing.
See: Willam Belli
X

Y
Yassss
Bastardisation of “yes” used as a term of encouragement, agreement or excitement
“Yassss queen! Werk!”

See: Violet Chachki

